# Judging FAQ

#### **How long does judging take?**

> In the half-day to one-and-a-half-day range

#### The judging doc says severities are H/M/L/G/N, but the spreadsheet and github repo uses integers. Is there a mapping somewhere?

> H = 3, M = 2, L = 1, N = 0, G = gas

#### Is it possible for a warden who competed in a contest to judge that same contest?&#x20;

Yes—but in the interest of impartiality, they must forgo any awards they would have received for their findings in said contest.&#x20;

#### There's a bunch of categories with items in them and scores assigned to them, but no indication of how those scores are supposed to be combined to form a risk value. Also, under "Opportunity" there's a text fragment that doesn't belong there, truncating the text that should be, and "How large is this group of threat agents" seems to heavily overlap with Skill Level and Opportunity. Finally, the "Loss of access" section makes no sense to me - the items under that section don't seem to have anything to do with loss of access.

> Mostly just make your own judgment as far as high/med/low/non-critical goes. Your best judgment is good enough.

#### If I'm understanding correctly, my job is to go through and deduplicate entries, assigning a unique finding ID to each group of identical entries. And if I disagree with the severity, tag it accordingly and provide reasoning. Is that right?

> Yes. The sponsor should have (mostly?) deduped issues already, but if you catch more, you can certainly follow the process outlined for them in the issue readme (which is intended for sponsors). You don't need to use the 'disagree with severity' as that's for sponsors. You can just remove the severity labels that wardens / sponsors added and add your own as you decide the severity (if you disagree).

#### Are there any other duties I'm missing here?

> It’s really just determining the severity :)

#### So, looking at this issue for example: [https://github.com/code-423n4/2021-04-maple-findings/issues/27](https://github.com/code-423n4/2021-04-maple-findings/issues/27) C4 added a severity, the sponsor disagreed and added a 'disagree' tag and their own severity. Should I remove all but the severity tag I think it is?

> Yes. You can remove all the severity tags except the one you think it is. Additional context: the original severity tag on the issue was generated by the researcher who filled out the form (I made a thing that generates private github issues from a form submission). It's just run through the code423n4 github account so that's why that user has posted all the findings.

#### Do 0/N (non-critical) level issues get a reportId?

> yes. N-01, N-02, etc

#### What about issues like this one? [https://github.com/code-423n4/2021-04-maple-findings/issues/3](https://github.com/code-423n4/2021-04-maple-findings/issues/3) Warden claims it's a high severity issue. Sponsor claims they don't have enough info and don't see how it's exploitable. I don't have enough background on the system to accurately assess who is correct. And if I agree with the Sponsor, is there a way to mark the issue as invalid? In particular the last question seems particularly relevant - there are several issues which appear to be non-bugs, but have been marked as 0 and sponsor-acknowledged.

> Yes, if you think it is indeed invalid, you can use the 'invalid' tag, close the issue, and enter the value `INVALID` (note all caps) in both the `reportID` and `risk` columns in the spreadsheet. (Note that 'invalid' is distinct from 'non-critical'; “Non-criticals” can still be useful. Invalid issues would be ones that you do not think are true. But there’s lots of non-critical QA type stuff that gets found and sponsors do appreciate that for the most part.)&#x20;
>
> You can also label something as 'insufficient info' if you think it is likely invalid but feel like more information or explanation might make demonstrate its validity.

#### Is there a phase when the sponsor or wardens can dispute/discuss my judgements? There's a few calls I've made that I wouldn't be surprised to see them want to discuss further.

> The repo will be the final source of truth, so while your decisions will determine how awards are handled, sponsors and wardens can certainly discuss and weigh in on things when we open it. For the purpose of judging, you’re the final decision maker, and your decisions will be final before wardens get to see the repo opened.

#### Can the Sponsor respond to my assessments before everything's final? And I assume you use the spreadsheet to construct the audit report?

> The sponsor can respond, but whatever judgment you make will be final. We don’t ask judges to do multiple rounds of adjudication. It’s all subjective, so trust your gut and best instinct and don’t sweat it. :)
